Add nebari typer cli changes (#150)
nebari-dev/nebari-docs: docs/docs/how-tos/nebari-aws.md

   mkdir nebari-aws && cd nebari-aws
   ```

> 2. Executing the command below will generate the set of questions that needs the suitable values to generate the qhub-config file with an infrastructure based on based on **AWS**, with project name `projectname`, endpoint domain `domain`, and with the authentication mode set to **password**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Executing the `nebari init --guided-init` command prompt you to respond to a set of questions, which will be used to generate the `nebari-config.yaml` file with an infrastructure based on **AWS**.
```

Reviewer: @viniciusdc @iameskild  do we have the reference doc for the `config` file in the docs? might be worth x-linking here

Reviewer 2: These docs (probably slightly outdated) try to explain each section of the config.
https://docs.qhub.dev/en/latest/source/installation/configuration.html

Reviewer 3: Looks like we're covering `nebari-config.yaml` in #115 -- I've opened a new issue #188 to keep track of cross-references. So, closing this discussion as resolved. :)

```bash
   nebari init --guided-init
   ```
![A representation of the output generated when Nebari init guided-init command is executed.](/img/how-tos/nebari-guided-init-aws.png)

![A representation of the output generated when Nebari init guided-init command is executed.](/img/how-tos/nebari-guided-init-end-part.png)

3. (Optional) Executing the command below will generate a basic config file with an infrastructure based on **AWS**, with project name `projectname`, endpoint domain `domain`, and with the authentication mode set to **password**.

```bash
nebari init aws --project projectname \
	  --domain domain \
	  --auth-provider password

> ```

Reviewer: So I can run `nebari init --guided-init` and then `nebari init -- blah blah`?

I think this should be a tip like "if you prefer not using the guided init command you can use......"

   mkdir nebari-aws && cd nebari-aws
   ```

> 2. Executing the `nebari init --guided-init` command prompt you to respond to a set of questions, which will be used to generate the 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Executing the `nebari init --guided-init` command prompts you to respond to a set of questions, which will be used to generate the 
```

[`nebari-config.yaml`](https://docs.qhub.dev/en/latest/source/installation/configuration.html) file with an infrastructure based on **AWS**.

```bash
   nebari init --guided-init
   ```
![A representation of the output generated when Nebari init guided-init command is executed.](/img/how-tos/nebari-aws.png)

:::tip

> If you prefer not using the `guided-init` command then you can simply run `init` command.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you prefer not using the `guided-init` command then you can directly run the `init` command.
```

Reviewer 3: (similarly for the other cloud providers)

Executing the command below will generate a `nebari-config.yaml` file with an infrastructure based on **AWS**, with project name `projectname`, endpoint domain `domain`, and with the authentication mode set to **password**.

```bash
nebari init aws --project projectname \
	  --domain domain \
	  --auth-provider password
```
:::

:::note
You will be prompted to enter values for some of the choices above if they are absent from the command line arguments (for example, project name and domain)
:::

Once `nebari init` is executed, you should then be able to see the following output:

```bash
Securely generated default random password=*** for Keycloak root user stored at path=/tmp/QHUB_DEFAULT_PASSWORD
Congratulations, you have generated the all important nebari-config.yaml file 🎉

> You can always edit your nebari-config.yaml file by editing the file directly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can always make changes your nebari-config.yaml file by editing the file directly.
```

Reviewer 3: (similarly for the other cloud providers)

If you do make changes to it you can ensure its still a valid configuration by running:

                nebari validate --config path/to/nebari-config.yaml

> Here is the previous Guided Init if it was converted into a nebari init command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For reference, if the previous Guided Init answers were converted into a direct nebari init command, it would be:
```

Reviewer 3: (similarly for the other cloud providers)

>                 nebari init <cloud-provider> --project-name <project-name> --domain-name <domain-name> --namespace dev --auth-provider password

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
                nebari init <cloud-provider> --project-name <project-name> --domain-name <domain-name> --namespace dev --auth-provider password

You can now deploy your Nebari instance with:

        nebari deploy -c nebari-config.yaml

For more information, run nebari deploy --help or check out the documentation: https://www.nebari.dev/how-tos/
```

Reviewer 3: (similarly for the other cloud providers)

You can see that Nebari is generating a random password for the root user of Keycloak. This password is stored in a temporary file and will be used to authenticate to the Keycloak
server once Nebari's infrastructure is fully deployed, to create the first user accounts for administrator(s).

The nebari initialization scripts create a `qhub-config.yaml` file that contains a collection of default preferences and settings for your deployment.

The generated `qhub-config.yaml` is the configuration file that will determine how the cloud infrastructure and Nebari is built and deployed in the next step. Since it is a

> simple text file, you can edit it manually if you are unhappy with the choices you made during initialization, or delete it and start over again by re-running `nebari init/nebari init --guided-init`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
plain text file, you can edit it manually if you are unhappy with the choices you made during initialization, or delete it and start over again by re-running `nebari init/nebari init --guided-init`.
```

You can see that Nebari is generating a random password for the root user of Keycloak. This password is stored in a temporary file and will be used to authenticate to the Keycloak
server once Nebari's infrastructure is fully deployed, to create the first user accounts for administrator(s).

> The nebari initialization scripts create a `qhub-config.yaml` file that contains a collection of default preferences and settings for your deployment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Nebari initialization scripts create a `nebari-config.yaml` file that contains a collection of default preferences and settings for your deployment.
```

> The generated `qhub-config.yaml` is the configuration file that will determine how the cloud infrastructure and Nebari is built and deployed in the next step. Since it is a

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The generated `nebari-config.yaml` is the configuration file that will determine how the cloud infrastructure and Nebari is built and deployed in the next step. Since it is a
```

plain text file, you can edit it manually if you are unhappy with the choices you made during initialization, or delete it and start over again by re-running `nebari init/nebari init --guided-init`.

For additional information about the `nebari-config.yaml` file and extra flags that allow you to configure the initialization process, see the
[Understanding the `nebari-config.yaml` file](/tutorials) documentation.

## Deploying Nebari

To see all the options available for the deploy command, run the following command:

```bash 
nebari deploy --help
```
![A representation of the output generated when nebari deploy help command is executed.](/img/how-tos/nebari-deploy-help.png)

> With the `qhub-config.yaml` configuration file now created, Nebari can be deployed for the first time. Type the following command on your command line:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With the `nebari-config.yaml` configuration file now created, Nebari can be deployed for the first time. Type the following command on your command line:
```

```bash

> nebari deploy -c qhub-config.yaml

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
nebari deploy -c nebari-config.yaml
```

Congratulations! You have successfully deployed Nebari on AWS! From here, see \[Initial Nebari Configuration\] for instructions on the first steps you should take to prepare your
Nebari instance for your team's use.

## Destroying Nebari

To see all the options available for the destroy command, type the following command on your command line:

```bash 
nebari destroy --help
```
![A representation of the output generated when nebari deploy help command is executed.](/img/how-tos/nebari-destroy-help.png)

Nebari also has a `destroy` command that works the same way the deploy works but instead of creating the provisioned resources it destroys it.

```bash

> nebari destroy -c qhub-config.yaml

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
nebari destroy -c nebari-config.yaml
```
